= linguara

This gem allows integration with Linguara WebAPI. 

== Installation

You need to somehow store your translation. We assume you use globalize2

  gem install globalize2
  gem install linguara

Create configuration file in config/initializers/linguara.rb:

  Linguara.configure do |config|
    config.api_key = 'api_key'
    config.server_path = 'http://www.example.com/'
    config.return_url = 'http://maverick.kumulator.com:82/linguara'
  end

In your model add these two lines:

  BlogPost < ActiveRecord::Base  
    translates :name, :description
    translates_with_linguara :name, :description
  end

And that's all, evrything else is magic. Now every time you create your model (by default), a request is being send to linguara. When translation will be accepted, request will be sent back to your application and model will be updated. 

== Note on Patches/Pull Requests
 
* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a
  future version unintentionally.
* Commit, do not mess with rakefile, version, or history.
  (if you want to have your own version, that is fine but bump version in a commit by itself I can ignore when I pull)
* Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2010 Aleksander Dabrowski. See LICENSE for details.

Thanks to: Piotr Barczuk. Additional thanks to Åukasz Adamczak, and Jurek Prokop, who were starring at mine screen while I was programming hard parts.